## Respect - Srivatsa Mulpuri
In week #1, The Nintendo team were respectful to each others' points of views and knowledge as a valued team member. Every team member evaluated a different game engine, and presented their results to the team, discussing all the cons and pros. Every one respected opposite opinions, and made their best effort to leverage our diverse perspectives and reasoning.  As a development team, we accepted responsibility and received authority over our work.

In week #2, our team members finalized the implementation of their assigned design patterns and together integrated the modules, first independently, and then together,taking into account the parts of their modules that affect other team members' modules, and any inter-module classes that had any kind of dependency to another module's class(es). Each of us discussed the effects of other team members' code on our own, and resolved issues while remaining respectful to each others' opinions and acknowledging their efforts. 

In week #3, we worked on integrating the modules and their respective design patterns into the game. After integrating each of design patterns, several bugs introduced to the the code, and all of team members worked on resolving those bugs. Considering that those discussions often involved changing the work done by one of team members, we all tried to make sure that we respect each other and avoid arguments that would focus on anything other than effectively resolving the development problems. We listened to each other and had several constructive arguments.
